# Google-Job-Skills
 In this document, we are presenting a solution to a problem definition given by providing its adequate solution. We implemented the model that is SVM (Support Vector Machine) and performed some transformation on my data set for proper training and testing it. I have to predict that given the inputs if my model can predict whether a person can get a job at Google or YouTube. We also plotted a matrix plot to visualize and present it so users can identify the trend with the plot. The accuracy score of the predict function is quite precise (0.984). We first choose a data set. I have selected the dataset ’Google Job Skills’ from the website kaggle. It is a great source to obtain any dataset and start working on it. I picked my interest in this specific data, as it clicked my purpose. We are to present the data visually to showcase it to the general audience, which has some or least knowledge about the data. For doing so, we will be using many different types of graphs to show the data in a presentable manner. For obtaining the data, I went online on Kaggle and downloaded the CSV (comma-separated value) file. The file (.CSV) is also easy to work with as we can easily see the headers. It also gives us a better perception of how to work with data. We then scrub and format the data after obtaining the raw data set. This process requires modification and elimination of data, which seems to be of no use. Next process is exploring the data we check the number of observations, column types, and NAN value. Then, determine a proper model. It is the Support Vector Machines algorithm used here as it makes fast predictions as compared to the Naive Bayes algorithm. Apply the algorithm by loading the data first and generate the model. For conclusion, we successfully implemented the model that is SVM (Support Vector Machine) and performed some transformation on the data set. The accuracy score of the predict function is considerably accurate
